Admission Date:                Discharge Date:   


Service: MEDICINE

Allergies:
Iodine

Attending:
Chief Complaint:
altered MS.


Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
none


History of Present Illness:

no pericardial effusion is seen. she denies fever , chills , or other constitutional symptoms. denies headache. denies posterior neck pain. denies shortness of breath , stridor , or air hunger. no chest pain. no abdominal pain. no focal neurologic deficits. allergies : no known drug allergies. general - alert and oriented times three , in no acute distress. no foreign body visualized in the upper pharynx. no tongue elevation. no anterior cervical lymphadenopathy. neck supple , no jvd. no murmurs. there was no evidence of ulceration , mass or diverticula. denies any shortness of breath or diaphoresis. review of systems : review of systems was negative and the patient has denied any fevers or chills. no chest pain , no shortness of breath , and no abdominal pain. denied any myalgias or arthralgias. denied any constipation or diarrhea. denied any abnormal bleeding other than the bleeding from her vagina. denied any headaches. no nausea or vomiting. denied any drug use. general : in general , she is in no apparent distress lying on her back with sullen facies. no murmurs , rubs , or gallops. skin : no rashes. fecal occult blood was negative. there was no blood in the vagina. there was no evidence of polyps or mass. impression : no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. there was a concern for a possible aspiration pneumonia given the patients vomiting and poor mental status . affirmed
13	aspiration pneumonia	the patient was given unasyn 3 g iv for possible aspiration pneumonia . affirmed
13	anemia	the patients h and h were at baseline without any evidence of significant anemia. at the time of discharge , the patient had no further episodes of coffee - ground emesis or any signs of active bleeding. chest x - ray upon admission revealed a small to moderate left basilar atelectasis / effusion and there were no findings of pneumonia. she showed no clinical signs or symptoms of pneumonia. at the time of discharge , she showed no signs of respiratory distress. history of present illness : mr . * * name [ aaa ] is a * * age [ 90 + ] - year - old gentleman with a past medical history of coronary artery disease , status post cabg , but no history of known congestive heart failure , who has not been admitted to the hospital in the last five to six years , who presents today after a syncopal episode. he denies any antecedent palpitations , shortness of breath , chest pain , headache , or lightheadedness. he still denies any chest pain or shortness of breath. no focal sensory or motor deficits on history. allergies - none. review of systems : constitutional - no fevers , chills , or sweats. heent - no headache or difficulty hearing. pulmonary - no shortness of breath or pleuritic chest pain. cardiovascular - no substernal chest pressure or dyspnea on exertion. gi - no nausea or vomiting. gu - no frequency , urgency , or dysuria. musculoskeletal - no arthralgias or myalgias. neurologic - no numbness , tingling , or weakness. general - no acute distress. neck - supple no jvd , lymph node , or cervical lymphadenopathy. cardiovascular - regular rate and rhythm , no murmurs , rubs , gallops. no focal sensory or motor deficits. ekg interpretation - a 12 - lead ekg shows normal sinus rhythm with no acute ischemic changes. the patient was not anemic. she denies any chest pain and denies difficulty breathing. she was not lightheaded at all. she admits to mild nausea during this episode while she was at the * * institution and denies any back pain , denies fevers , denies cough , or cold symptoms. she denies change in bowel or bladder habits. social history : tobacco : quit smoking in 1958. denies alcohol or other drug use. general : she is not in any acute distress. no wheezes , rales , or rhonchi. on my exam , her hyponatremia from last week appears have resolved , with a sodium of 134. findings : no intracranial hemorrhage can be identified. impression : no intracranial pathology identified. she has no focal neurologic deficits. physical exam : general : in no acute distress. no sign of infection. the patient has normal range of motion in her hand with good capillary refill , and no signs of infection. there was no evidence of polyps , although the examination was limited by the quality of the prep. principal procedures and tests : doppler of the lower extremities negative for dvt. the patient denies change in sleep. the patient denies worthlessness or self - esteem or anhedonia. she denies any symptoms of psychosis or mania , ocd. no evidence of delusions or hallucinations but had bizarre behavior that therapist felt to be her associated state. the patient was not lethargic or agitated during the hospitalization. no delusions , lethargy , or hallucinations. normal saline contrast injection without evidence of right to left intracardiac shunt. 04 ) normal saline contrast injection without evidence of right to left intracardiac shunt. no numbness or tingling or other injuries. no pain proximal to his hand and otherwise has no other injuries. social history : denies any alcohol , tobacco or illicit drug use. physical examination : general : in no acute distress. no lymphadenopathy , thyromegaly or jvd. no rales , rhonchi or wheezes. no murmurs , gallops , rubs. no masses , splenomegaly. extremities : no clubbing or cyanosis. no injury proximal to his wrist. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the patient denied any headache , neck pain , weakness , numbness or paraesthesias. he denied any fever. his nausea and vomiting resolved. he did not have any abdominal pain. she denies any incontinence. social history : the patient denies alcohol use. no weakness. she had no signs of acute disk herniation or weakness. gi ros is - ve for change in bowel habit , bleeding ( occult nor overt ) , change in weight , anemia or any " alarm " symptom or sign. there was no evidence of polyps , mass or diverticula. no calcaneal fracture can be seen. interpretation : negative for intraepithelial lesion or malignancy. this gradually cleared , and there were no further signs or symptoms of infection. she had no fever. she had no chills. she had no overt signs or symptoms of infection. she denies any abdominal pain , no chest pain or shortness of breath , she has had no particular sick contacts , and she has been using over - the - counter remedies with no specific relief. physical examination : general - in no acute distress. neck - supple , no lymphadenopathy , thyromegaly , or jvd. lungs - ctp , no rales , rhonchi , or wheezes. heart - regular rate and rhythm , no murmurs , gallops , or rubs. abdomen - soft , nontender , nondistended , positive bowel sounds , no mass or organomegaly. extremities - no clubbing , cyanosis , or edema. the patient had no signs of a focal infection. she appeared well and had unremarkable vital signs , no signs of meningitis , otitis , pharyngitis , or pneumonia. there was no evidence of esophageal varices or gastric varices. she was afebrile with stable vitals ; awake , alert , and oriented in no acute distress. no echocardiographic signs of tamponade are seen. 03 ) none mitral regurgitation. 09 ) no echocardiographic signs of tamponade are seen. she denies any fevers or chills. she denies any cough or sputum production. she denies any dysuria. physical examination : on examination , the patient is a well - developed white female in no acute distress. the extremity examination shows + 2 pulses and no peripheral edema. she does not have any focal neurologic deficit. on * * date [ sep 26 2007 ] , his nutrition was increased to clear liquids , then on * * date [ sep 27 2007 ] , the patient had a turkey sandwich of smashed potatoes for lunch and states that he did not have abdominal pain , and wished to go home. partial small bowel obstruction , resolved. 04 ) no vegetations seen by this technique. he denies paresthesias. general : he is awake , alert , in no acute distress. history of present illness : mr . * * name [ aaa ] is a * * age [ in 50s ] - year - old african - american male with no history of coronary artery disease who presents with a one - day history of left - sided substernal chest pressure radiating to his left shoulder. he denies any headaches or dizziness. no lower extremity swelling. no lymphadenopathy , thyromegaly , or jvd. no rales , rhonchi , or wheeze. no murmurs , gallops , or rubs. abdomen : soft , nontender , nondistended with positive bowel sounds and no hepatosplenomegaly. extremities : no clubbing , cyanosis , or edema. chest x - ray with demonstrate no wide mediastinum. there were no ischemic ekg changes during stress. 09 ) there were no stress induced chest pain , ischemic ekg changes or wall motion abnormalities at a relatively low level of stress. this is a negative stress ekg / echocardiographic test for ischemia , therefore , there is a low suspicion for significant coronary artery disease. his pain is associated with nausea , no vomiting. he does occasionally have loose stools , no fevers or chills , no sick contacts , no recent use of antibiotics. past medical history : physical exam : general appearance : in no acute distress. no wheezes , rales or rhonchi. no murmurs , rubs or gallops. no masses or organomegaly. extremities : no clubbing , cyanosis or edema. he had no signs of an acute abdomen ; no signs of cholecystitis , pancreatitis or peptic ulcer disease. the witnesses did not notice any tonic / clonic movement and there was no history of a seizure. she did not become incontinent. does not give a history of deafness and denies any recent nausea , vomiting and diarrhea. there was no evidence of stricture , mucosal scalloping or esophageal stricture. there are no other additional abnormal areas of enhancement within the brain parenchyma. i do not believe the patient is having an acute mi at this time. the chest x - ray does not demonstrate any evidence of pulmonary infiltrate or edema. her digoxin level is 0 . 6 , which appears to be subtherapeutic ; however , she was not tachycardic , nor was she was in atrial fibrillation. there was no evidence of gastric varices , ulcers , or mallory - weiss tear. c . no parathyroid glands are seen. no discrete hepatic lesions are shown. no findings of metastatic disease in the pelvis. no findings suggesting osteomyelitis. her son saw her on * * date [ mar 19 ] , and at that time , the patient was not jaundiced by his examination. he denies any sputum production or high fever. he denies any orthopnea , lower extremity edema , or calf pain. there is no tonsillar exudate appreciated. there are no rales or rhonchi noted on examination. there is no murmur or ectopy noted. extremities reveal no peripheral cyanosis or edema .


Past Medical History:
